# AMINAL-INTAKE-SYSTEM
You work for Global Rain, a software engineering company that specializes in custom software design and development. As a junior software developer, you are part of a software development team at Global Rain that collaborates to create software solutions for entrepreneurs, businesses, and government agencies around the world.

You have been newly assigned to a development team at Global Rain. This team is currently working on a project for an innovative international search and rescue animal training company, Grazioso Salvare. Grazioso Salvare is seeking a software application that will help track search and rescue animals, sometimes referred to as rescue animals. These rescue animals are obtained and trained by the company to rescue humans from difficult (or even life-threatening) situations.

A portion of the work on this project has already been done. Your team lead has assigned you to create one new class and modify the existing driver class in the software application. You will deliver all the class files to the team lead, who will consolidate them with the work from other team members and present the application to your client.

This project utilizes various skills such as creating a functional option menu that can be looped through with graceful exits and no unexpected program failures.  The project utilizes classes to set and get different information and allow for user input into the system.  The program will then append user inputs into the correct lists eitehr for monkeys or for dogs.  The program also sorts animals based on input such as reserved animals and animals in service.  This program taught me a lot about utilizing classes to map and get information from user inputs as well as to store objects from a class into a list.  
